# mbus-api

mbus-api is an HTTP RESTful API designed to control a wired M-Bus.  This repo includes:
- An [API specification](https://github.com/packom/mbus-api/blob/master/api/openapi.yaml) in [OpenAPI format](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/).
- Skeleton client and server implementations in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

A fully-featured server implementation for Linux, in Rust, can be found at https://github.com/packom/mbus-httpd.

The text below was automatically generated by the openapi-generator.

# Rust API for openapi_client

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 0.1.0
- Build date: 2020-05-31T12:50:10.770878Z[Etc/UTC]



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client Get
cargo run --example client Hat
cargo run --example client HatOff
cargo run --example client HatOn
cargo run --example client MbusApi
cargo run --example client Scan
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**get**](docs/default_api.md#get) | **POST** /mbus/get/{device}/{baudrate}/{address} | 
[**hat**](docs/default_api.md#hat) | **GET** /mbus/hat | 
[**hatOff**](docs/default_api.md#hatOff) | **POST** /mbus/hat/off | 
[**hatOn**](docs/default_api.md#hatOn) | **POST** /mbus/hat/on | 
[**mbus_api**](docs/default_api.md#mbus_api) | **GET** /mbus/api | 
[**scan**](docs/default_api.md#scan) | **POST** /mbus/scan/{device}/{baudrate} | 


## Documentation For Models

 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [Baudrate](docs/Baudrate.md)
 - [Device](docs/Device.md)
 - [Hat](docs/Hat.md)
 - [MbusData](docs/MbusData.md)
 - [Slaves](docs/Slaves.md)
 - [TextError](docs/TextError.md)
 - [Yaml](docs/Yaml.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



